The most recent modifications to Real Space Density 
Function Theory have the purpose of decreasing the 
time it takes to run the calculations.Some of the 
optimizations used may not be compatible with all 
computers,may not speed up the program much, or in 
the worst case, may slow down execution.  This is why 
a flag is made available to the user, allowing the
user to decide which optimizations to use.  Level 0 
optimization only uses MATLAB code.  This level should 
be compatible with all recent versions of MATLAB.  
The next step up is level 1 and this level allows the 
use of mex files.  Mex files are binary files that have 
been compiled from C code.  These mex files will 
execute faster than their m file counterparts.  The 
downside is that compatibility is not guaranteed.  

The one potential problem is the lack of a MATLAB 
compatible compiler.  The first time the user attempts 
to compile the mex files, if MATLAB has not been setup,
the user will be prompted to choose a compiler that is
installed on the current computer.  If a compatible 
compiler cannot be found, the compiling cannot continue.
RSDFT is shipped with precompiled mex files, but if these
do not execute properly, then the optimization level must
be set to 0.

There are two main reasons that a mex file might have 
compatibility problems.The first is that the mex file
was compiled for a different operating systemor architecture.
The second problem is that mex files are not guaranteed to
be compatible on a different version of MATLAB than the 
version it was compiled on.  The only solution to these
two problems is to recompile the mex files.  This can
be done two ways.  Either run the script, compileMexFiles.m,
or from the first graphical user interface window, click 
the 'compile C code' button. 

The user has two ways to control the optimization level.
If the graphical user interface is being used, on the 
first window, use the drop down menu near the bottom center
of the window.  If the text based interface is in use, go
into the file, include.m, and near the bottom should be
a statement, OPTIMIZATIONLEVEL= #.  Replace the number 
with the desired optimization level.  Note that the value
 used set to the variable OPTIMIZATIONLEVEL in include.m 
is used as the default value in the graphical user interface.
